{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red32\green32\blue32;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13300\viewh11560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To Whom It May Concern: Pursuant to RCW Ch. 42.56 (Public Records Act), 
\b0 \
\
I hereby request the following records: \
\
- Action Plan(s) for policing demonstrations, protests and other events on April 20, 2016. Specicially a protest occuring outside of "Uncle Ike's" - 2310 E Union St, Seattle, WA 98122 \
\
Please provide responsive documents in their native format with metadata. For example, if a spreadsheet or email (.eml) file is available, do not print and scan documents. \
\
- After Action reports and/or written debriefs of demonstrations, protests and other events on the day. Please include all draft and final versions along with any associated metadata. \
\
Please include in your search, any and all documents, correspondence within and outside the department and including other agencies, emails, training presentations, PowerPoint slides, and Microsoft Word documents, which discuss the demonstrations and or protests through the date of this request. \
\
The requested documents will be made available to the general public free of charge and are not being made used for commercial usage. In the event that fees cannot be waived, I would be grateful if you would inform me of the total charges in advance of fulfilling my request. I\
\
 would prefer the request filled electronically, by e-mail attachment if available or CD-ROM if not. Thank you in advance for your anticipated cooperation in this matter. I look forward to receiving your response to this request within 5 business days, as the statute requires. Sincerely, Bernard Rodriguez}